README.md, before:

# Pirsch JavaScript SDK

<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/pirsch-sdk"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/pirsch-sdk.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Version"></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/fAYm4Cz"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/739184135649886288?logo=discord" alt="Chat on Discord"></a>

This is the official JavaScript client SDK for Pirsch. For details, please check out our [documentation](https://docs.pirsch.io/).

## Usage

Here is a quick demo on how to use this library in NodeJS:

```js
import { createServer } from "node:http";
import { URL } from "node:url";

// Import the Pirsch client.
import { Pirsch } from "pirsch-sdk";

// Create a client with the hostname, client ID, and client secret you have configured on the Pirsch dashboard.
const client = new Pirsch({
    hostname: "example.com",
    protocol: "http", // used to parse the request URL, default is https
    clientId: "<client_id>",
    clientSecret: "<client_secret>"
});

// Create your http handler and start the server.
createServer((request, response) => {
    // In this example, we only want to track the / path and nothing else.
    // We parse the request URL to read and check the pathname.
    const url = new URL(request.url || "", "http://localhost:8765");

    if (url.pathname === "/") {
        // Send the hit to Pirsch. hitFromRequest is a helper function that returns all required information from the request.
        // You can also built the Hit object on your own and pass it in.
        client.hit(client.hitFromRequest(request)).catch(error => {
            // Something went wrong, check the error output.
            console.error(error);
        });
    }

    // Render your website...
    response.write("Hello from Pirsch!");
    response.end();
}).listen(8765);
```

Here is how you can do the same in the browser:

```js
// Import the Pirsch client.
import { Pirsch } from "pirsch-sdk/web";

// Create a client with the identification code you have configured on the Pirsch dashboard.
const client = new Pirsch({
    identificationCode: "<identification_code>"
});

const main = async () => {
    await api.hit();

    await api.event("test-event", 60, { clicks: 1, test: "xyz" });
}

void main();
```

## Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add notice about the different clients

README.md, after:

# Pirsch JavaScript SDK

<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/pirsch-sdk"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/pirsch-sdk.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Version"></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/fAYm4Cz"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/739184135649886288?logo=discord" alt="Chat on Discord"></a>

This is the official JavaScript client SDK for Pirsch. For details, please check out our [documentation](https://docs.pirsch.io/).

## Usage

Here is a quick demo on how to use this library in NodeJS:

```js
import { createServer } from "node:http";
import { URL } from "node:url";

// Import the Pirsch client.
import { Pirsch } from "pirsch-sdk";

// Create a client with the hostname, client ID, and client secret you have configured on the Pirsch dashboard.
const client = new Pirsch({
    hostname: "example.com",
    protocol: "http", // used to parse the request URL, default is https
    clientId: "<client_id>",
    clientSecret: "<client_secret>"
});

// Create your http handler and start the server.
createServer((request, response) => {
    // In this example, we only want to track the / path and nothing else.
    // We parse the request URL to read and check the pathname.
    const url = new URL(request.url || "", "http://localhost:8765");

    if (url.pathname === "/") {
        // Send the hit to Pirsch. hitFromRequest is a helper function that returns all required information from the request.
        // You can also built the Hit object on your own and pass it in.
        client.hit(client.hitFromRequest(request)).catch(error => {
            // Something went wrong, check the error output.
            console.error(error);
        });
    }

    // Render your website...
    response.write("Hello from Pirsch!");
    response.end();
}).listen(8765);
```

Here is how you can do the same in the browser:

```js
// Import the Pirsch client.
import { Pirsch } from "pirsch-sdk/web";

// Create a client with the identification code you have configured on the Pirsch dashboard.
const client = new Pirsch({
    identificationCode: "<identification_code>"
});

const main = async () => {
    await api.hit();

    await api.event("test-event", 60, { clicks: 1, test: "xyz" });
}

void main();
```

## FAQ

> This module export three Clients (`pirsch-sdk`, `pirsch-sdk/web-api` and `pirsch-sdk/web`), what are the differences?

 - `pirsch-sdk` and `pirsch-sdk/web-api` are based on the same core logic, and function the same. It can be used to access and sending data via the API. `pirsch-sdk/web-api` is a version of the Node client that works in the web. You will rarely need to use this version though.
 - `pirsch-sdk/web` is a modular version of the JS Snippet, that has no automatic functionality. You need to send any hits or events yourself.

> :information_source: Basically your choice will be between `pirsch-sdk` (Node, backend, accessing or sending data) or `pirsch-sdk/web`, (Browser, frontend, sending data) in 99% of the cases.

## Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).

## License

MIT
